Upgrade Guide - Arch Review (#226)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: modules/upgrade/pages/client-intro.adoc

[[client-migration]]
= Upgrade the Clients

Clients use the versioning system of their underlying operating system.

> For most clients using {suse} operating systems, you can perform minor upgrade within the {productname} {webui}.

Reviewer: I think we can safely say:
```suggestion
For clients using {suse} operating systems, you can perform upgrades within the {productname} {webui}.
```
This would cover package and SP upgrades.

> To upgrade clients running SLE{nbsp}12 to SLE{nbsp}15, the upgrade is automated, but you will need to do some preparation steps before you begin.

Reviewer: Maybe, we could generalize this?  It's major version upgrade and should also be valid for Leap upgrades.

Author: Yes, agreed
